# Honours2023
The Influence of Media Ownership on the Representation of Political Parties:  A Computational Methods Analysis of Australian News Media's Facebook Posts

## About
I have provided the files in this repository for the convenience of the markers and to save printing space for the physical submission of my thesis. The files provided are the complete files used in the project for data collection, cleaning, and analysis. In the future, I will shorten these files into all-purpose snippets and provide example data so researchers can repurpose this code more efficiently for additional research problems. 

## Statement of Sources for Code
The code for this research project, while primarily driven by my personal efforts, represents a collaborative endeavour. The data collection script was authored by my late supervisor Dr Cédric Courtois, whose invaluable contribution I gratefully acknowledge again. His expertise and insights shaped the direction of the project, and his coding legacy continues through the code he left behind. Furthermore, in striving for a robust computational approach, I drew inspiration from various online resources. Where relevant, these sources have been noted within the respective scripts, highlighting the collaborative spirit of the broader coding community. Additionally, the analysis was heavily based on tutorial materials made available by Dr Martin Schweinberger, on the Language Technology and Data Analysis Laboratory (LADAL) website (Schweinberger, 2022). Finally, the refinement of visual representations in the project significantly benefitted from the use of ChatGPT, a large language model developed by OpenAI (2022). Instead of making time-consuming individual adjustments to the code myself, I would submit prompts to ChatGPT such as “I want to create a custom title for the legend” or “I want to have custom colours for the parties”, and then incorporate the modifications generated into my code. This approach, much like using computational methods for the content analysis portion of this project, proved efficient in enhancing the aesthetic and clarity of the visualisations.
